---
layout: "default"
---

## Story 1 - slimed

This is a story about one of <span class="ricc">Red Ice Cream Cone</span>'s trips to Farthest India. He was, of course, in his Cool Bot, so that he didn't melt. In the hottest part of India, he stayed cool. In the coldest parts of India, he stayed cool. It didn't matter what the weather was like.

One day, he was climbing in the mountains, and found a small airport. He wasn't sure if anything interesting was going to happen at the airport. So he sat down to wait.

He waited.

And waited.

He might have fallen asleep.

Eventually, someone appeared. He couldn't quite see who it was. He didn't want to startle them, so he sat still and was very quiet. He waited until the dark shape got really close to his Cool Bot.

It was <span class="bicc">Blue Ice Cream Cone</span>! Phew! <span class="ricc">Red Ice Cream Cone</span> jumped up to say hi! Or, he tried to. He was frozen in place! Snow had been falling the whole time he was there, and the outside of his Cool Bot had started out a little bit warm from when he was in the lower altitudes, so the snow had melted, and then frozen! He was thwarted -- by ice!

Fortunately, <span class="bicc">Blue Ice Cream Cone</span> knew what to do! He drove a little truck over to where <span class="ricc">Red Ice Cream Cone</span> was sitting. He climbed up into a lift, and grabbed one of the hoses. <span class="ricc">Red Ice Cream Cone</span> was about to ask what was up, when suddenly a blast of something smashed into him. All he could see was steam, but he got knocked over by the blast! When the steam cleared, he saw that he had been sprayed by this weird pink liquid. The parts of the Cool Bot that had the most snow on them were the pinkest. There was still snow there. <span class="bicc">Blue Ice Cream Cone</span> laughed, then blasted the snowy spot again. <span class="ricc">Red Ice Cream Cone</span> yelled, "Cut it out!".

"Are you sure?"

"Yes!" He paused. "Uh, no, I guess that's helping the ice break up so I can move. Go ahead, spray me some more."

More blasts of pink liquid.

"That's weird stuff, Blue Ice Cream Cone."

"And that's not all!" <span class="bicc">Blue Ice Cream Cone</span> reached for the other hose. "Check this out!"

Another blast of steam shot at <span class="ricc">Red Ice Cream Cone</span>, and he toppled over again. When he stood up, he saw that this was a different substance. Now he was covered in green slime! He could barely see through his helmet!

"Blue Ice Cream Cone, I'm gonna get you for this!"

## Story 2 - busted movie

Last weekend, <span class="ricc">Red Ice Cream Cone</span> and <span class="bicc">Blue Ice Cream Cone</span> decided to have a movie night, so they invited all their friends, including <span class="picc">Pink Ice Cream Cone</span> and <span class="gicc">Green Ice Cream Cone</span>. They were going to watch Superman! Everyone was Superexcited!

They had gotten the movie from the library.

<span class="ricc">Red Ice Cream Cone</span> put the movie into the DVD player, and pressed play. They all sat on the couch, riveted by the music. A capsule flew through space. Was that the boy that was going to grow up to be Superman? The capsule got close to Earth, and then ...

....

....

nothing happened.

"Is this the end of the movie?" asked <span class="bicc">Blue Ice Cream Cone</span>.

<span class="picc">Pink Ice Cream Cone</span> said, "No, I think it's just frozen. Red Ice Cream Cone, did you say you got this from the library?"

"Yes."

"Ugh. That probably means that it's been watched thousands of times. Let me see the disc."

The disc was filthy. <span class="picc">Pink Ice Cream Cone</span> was tempted to collect all the fingerprints so that she would know who had mishandled the disc. But she resisted. She also noticed a big scratch, and some cracks around the edges.

"This disc is no good."

"Does this mean movie night is over?" asked <span class="gicc">Green Ice Cream Cone</span>.

"No!!!!!" yelled Red Ice Cream Cone's father. He lept into the room. He was wearing a Superman costume.

<span class="ricc">Red Ice Cream Cone</span> shrunk into the corner of the couch. He wished he could shrink into a tiny ball under the couch. He even turned a little more red.

"I shall fix your problem. Peace, Justice, and the Antarctican Way!" He plugged a computer into the TV, typed a couple of things, and the movie started playing again.

"Vuh Wah Lah!" he said in a terrible French accent.

<span class="picc">Pink Ice Cream Cone</span> laughed and slapped <span class="ricc">Red Ice Cream Cone</span> on the back. "Your dad is soooo funny!" <span class="ricc">Red Ice Cream Cone</span> didn't think so.

The movie played perfectly.

## Moving pixels

A couple of days later, <span class="ricc">Red Ice Cream Cone</span> and his family got on a train to go see their relatives in East Icelandia. It was a 6 hour train ride. Fortunately, there was usually a movie on the train, and his parents usually let him watch it, as long as it wasn't too scary.

This time, instead of a single TV in the dining car, they could watch a movie on their icePad. And not just the one movie, they got to pick from hundreds of movies! Oh Happy Day!

One of the movies was _The Avengers_, and mom said it was OK to watch it! She said <span class="ricc">Red Ice Cream Cone</span> was old enough! Ohhhhhhh Happy Day!!!

He pressed play. He watched for a couple of minutes. Right when the secret energy lab started to implode, it paused.

"Nooooooo!!!" <span class="ricc">Red Ice Cream Cone</span> yelled.

Dad offered to help. He tried a couple of things, but the movie was stuck. And this time, he couldn't blame it on a cracked disc.

Dad reloaded the movie, and fast-forwarded it to the beginning of the implosion. Then it got exciting. Secret agents were in their cars, chasing this guy named "Loki". The agents were shooting, and Loki was waving his magic wand around to drop obstacles in their path. One of the agents was chasing in a helicopter, and almost captured Loki, when he shot an energy blast at the helicopter. The helicopter spun around a couple of times and ....

.... nothing. It hung in mid-air.

"Daaaaaaadd!!"

Dad looked at it. He pressed some more buttons. He tried reloading the page. Nothing worked.

"Sorry. Let's just rent it some time when we're home."

"Daaaaaaddd!" <span class="ricc">Red Ice Cream Cone</span> was getting upset. "No! I want to watch it now."

"I know. But it's not working, and I think it's just going to keep making you frustrated to keep trying. So let's put it away for now, and try again when we're home and have a better connection."

"But Daaaaddddddddd!!!" <span class="ricc">Red Ice Cream Cone</span> protested.

"But Daaaadddddddddd!!!" <span class="yicc">Yellow Ice Cream Cone</span> imitated her brother.

<span class="ricc">Red Ice Cream Cone</span> and Dad both laughed really hard.
